
DISMAL V1 April 2023

A simple disposable Email GUI.
Freeware by Steve Shambles 2018-2023.
Source code should run cross-platform.
Not tested on MAC or Linux.
Written on Win7 64bit, Python V3.67.


This software is in no way associated with
mailinator.com. The point of this app is 
mostly a personal programming exercise.

Introduction:

The point of a disposable email address is to use it
when you are forced to sign up at rubbish websites
to get to their contents, or whatever.

In using a disposable email address you do not reveal
your real Email address, which will probably save you
lots of Spam when that Email address is shared with, or sold,
to advertisers.

You can receive the rubbish websites code or 
link to verify it is your address.

You can click on links and copy codes from the messages
you receive, but see later on what you can't do.

Never use a disposable Email for serious and genuine stuff,
this is designed for shitty sites you'll most likely never
have any contact with again, like my Blog for example!

How to:

To create a quick, free, anonymous email address,
run Dismal and type your choice of user name into
the entry box, (absolutely anything will do)
and then click the "Create Email" button.

If you prefer, you can leave the entry box blank 
and Dismal will create a randomly generated name
for you.

For example, if you typed in "shambles", Dismal
would create an Email address for you of:

shambles@mailinator.com

Your new E-mail address will now appear in Dismal's
list box.

Right-clicking on an Email address in the listbox will
offer you a variety of self-explanatory options.

'Open inbox'
'Copy address to clipboard'
'Delete this address'
'Delete all addresses'
'Open all addresses in a text file'
'Visit mailinator.com'
'Help'

Please note that your addresses can be accessed by anyone. 

Note: If you choose a common word like "peter" for example
      you should expect to be sharing that address with 
      a lot of others peters!

Note: Any messages you receive are auto deleted 
      after a short time, usually a few hours.
	  
Note: Anyone can read and delete your messages.

Note: You can only receive, you cannot send
      or reply to messages.
	  

Quote from my original Blog post on Dismal from 2018:

"What Dismal creates is a public email address,
and your address may be shared by lots of other people that
have decided to use the same user name as you.

Yes it’s a bit weird, but it’s free.
You can go private, but it will cost ya my darling.

It goes without saying, but I’m going to say it anyway,
that you should only use these public Emails for rubbish
sign ups, nothing personal or private, the point of the
system is to avoid Spam and help keep your privacy.

It would therefore make sense not to use a simple word,
like ‘hunter’ for example, there is bound to be someone else 
using a common word like that, so use something  not so guessable
like, ‘x77freiov8’ and most likely you will be the only one using
that address."


Steve Shambles 
Updated: April 2023
